Fix #756 (#931)
Dyalog/documentation: language-reference-guide/docs/system-functions/pp.md

`⎕PP` is the number of significant digits in the display of numeric output. `⎕PP` may be assigned any integer value in the range 1 to 34. `⎕PP` has Namespace scope.

> `⎕PP` is used to format numbers displayed directly. It is an implicit argument of monadic function [Format (`⍕`)](format), [monadic `⎕FMT`](format-monadic) and for display of numbers via `⎕` and `⍞` output. `⎕PP` is ignored for the display of integers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`⎕PP` is used to format numbers displayed directly. It is an implicit argument of monadic function [Format (`⍕`)](format), [monadic `⎕FMT`](format-monadic), and for display of numbers using [`⎕`](../system-functions/evaluated-input-output) and [`⍞`](../system-functions/character-input-output) output. `⎕PP` is ignored for the display of integers.
```
